docs: add Kent C. Dodds's article (#419)
freeCodeCamp/how-to-contribute-to-open-source: README.md

- [Learn Git and GitHub Step By Step (on Windows)](https://medium.com/illumination/path-to-learning-git-and-github-be93518e06dc) by [@ows-ali](https://medium.com/@ows_ali)
- [Why Open Source and How?](https://careerkarma.com/blog/open-source-projects-for-beginners/) by [@james-gallagher](https://careerkarma.com/blog/author/jamesgallagher/)
- [How to get started with Open Source - By Sayan Chowdhury](https://www.hackerearth.com/getstarted-opensource/)

> - [What open-source should I contribute to](https://kentcdodds.com/blog/what-open-source-project-should-i-contribute-to) by [@kentcdodds](https://github.com/kentcdodds)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [What open-source should I contribute to](https://kentcdodds.com/blog/what-open-source-project-should-i-contribute-to) by Kent C. Dodds
```
